<h1> Narration in the process</h1>
<h4> What to say ? What narration in a poetic way ? Why ?</h4>
<p>Reminder of the A.I character : It’s a curious one, she has very variable reaction, she prefer some texture than others and doesn’t like some colors or form. It loves to look at you when you play/draw and watch hardly where you put the forms and it will interrupt you maybe sometimes.</p>
<p>1. Circular design : Work only with waste products from Caran D’Ache and find them a new way to use them as a tool.Like they did with the collaboration of Nespresso. Objects we have to interact with can be made with Caran D’Ache waste and the I.A can be a paper ball who represent a waste idea. A waste idea is not a bad idea it’s just a part of the process, you didn’t want to keep it but in a way it help you to create your final drawing. → What does it say ? Waste production is always helpful for the final one.</p>
<p>2. Deep-Sea-Coral-Groves : Talk about the importance of the marin ecosystem and corals. Pollution are destructing them, they are loosing their color, their forms are broken so their shape are totally destroyed. People can create different corals but the A.I represent a contaminant who change their aspect. → What does it say ? Show the importance of the Deep-Sea-Coral-Groves for our environnement and by showing their beauty.</p>
<p>3. Creating our futur Landscape : People like to draw landscape, trees, flowers that they already know but what if we ask them to create them in a new different way ? Maybe it could be a collectiv artwork were we ask people to build our futur. For now we are currently looking to escape from earth to go to mars. Terraforming and buildings design are made by a small groupe of people but what could it looks likes if we ask to everyone to participate for the design of our future planet ? What could she looks like ? → What does it say ? Collaborativ Speculativ Land where evertime someone draw something it appear on the map. So the landscape didn’t stop to change and evolve. Let population be the designer of our futur world.</p>

<h4>Too much layers ? Too complicated ? What is the point ?<h/4>