<h1>Field Research + Testing</h1>
<h4>Biomimetisme as a process and inspiration. Using Charlie again (sorry Charlie) to understand how the A.I could play.</h4>
<p> I took weird shape and texture that I could find at home and put them on the floor to create an abstract structure. Charlie was looking at them when I was building my structure, she was very curious and concentrate on my process. Sometimes she touch and smell some of them. She prefers some texture than others. She was enjoying the process when it was on the floor but hate it when I put the white paper as the floor. It was very interesting to see different reaction because of some "prompts" I put on the ground. To resume she was obviously very playful but also extremely curious ! Even if sometimes she was destroying my architecture when I was creating (I could find it annoying but no) I found her quite cute because action were innocent, she was just exploring by playing and I couldn't choose any of her mouvement.</p>
<p> I found interesting that  I used naturally Biomimetisme as a process. I love the fact that you can be inspired by nature to create and innovate for the future. This offers us a wide variety of poetically inspirations !</p>

<p> Starting with this process, I asked myself what thing in nature can have different shapes/texture/colors/dimensions and high and be still poetic ? Rereading my interviews again, I understand that people love to draw basic tree and flowers. Tree and flowers can have all those different characteristic but is it to literal and classic ?We I came about flower I thought about Deep-sea-corals, it's like small tree and flowers but underwater and I found it more poetic to see. So is started to prototype some paper that maybe can looks like somme branches or corals to found texture and new forms.</p>
<p>But now what is the narration ? What do I want to say ? What people should see, understand, make with this ? What is the final result ? What is the point ?</p> 